chore: changelog for forms v10.70.1 (#4909)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/changelog.mdx

Get more [details about releases](/uilib/releases) or have a look on all [release notes on GitHub](https://github.com/dnbexperience/eufemia/releases).

## v10.70.1

> - Fixed so user can't submit form when `error` property is set `Field.*` components.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed so form can't be submitted when `error` property is set in `Field.*` components.
```
